docs: improve pagination (#8256)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/libraries/pagination.rst

getFirstPageNumber() & getLastPageNumber()
------------------------------------------

> These methods return the page numbers to the first and last pages in the set of
> links to be displayed.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
These methods return the page numbers of the first and last pages in the set of
links to be displayed. For example, if the set of links to be displayed is something like this::

    3  |  4  |  5  |  6  |  7

``getFirstPageNumber()`` will return 3 while ``getLastPageNumber()`` will return 7.    
```

> .. note:: If you want to get the page numbers to the first and last pages in the
>     result set, the first page number is always 1, and use `getPageCount()`_ to
>     get the last page number.

Reviewer: And this:
```suggestion
.. note:: To obtain the page numbers of the first and last pages in the entire
    result set, you can use the following approach: The first page number is always 1, and `getPageCount()`_ can be used to
    retrieve the last page number.
```
